so today we find ourselves for a
mascara test more precisely the
better than loose face extreme of everything
faced then I am totally seduced
by this mascara it's a crazy thing
level of rendering so I'm not telling you
more and I 'll let you already watched the
application technique then the
first step is to put the
mascara which is the biggest so that's
the pigmented black then already there
when I most mascara I love
well it does not go bad so already there
as you can see it's me
to really lengthen the lashes and
now I'm going to apply the
fiber mascara so this is it
the smallest is the white of the full
to the end the front and then the
after the mascara test is now
finished and I can not wait to read
all your comments then for me
I am totally conquered I find it
totally crazy then this mascara
Promethean made fossils so for the
I think it's really
made fossils without the length of
the application of his frank fossils
and the tent for it to dry it dried
extremely fast it's not heavy
everything because I was afraid it was
heavy for missiles but not at all
it's really actually it's like a
normal mascara what else compared
to this mask ah yes if I had him
give a negative point the only point
negative is that when applying the
color that a little bit a little pigmented
your eyelid so pay attention to
the app do not hesitate to tell me if
you know him or not if you
find it as top as me and not
other dry games
if you ever want to get it
know that for the moment it is not
still out
it will come out in February this will be
only in all efforts to or
on the website sephora.fr is because it
there is one and I have a good plan thanks to the site
igraal you can benefit everything from
next 10 euros to your cash account
back thanks to my code
so I'm going to put you all in the
info bar you just have to click
right here
so do not hesitate to register on
the igraal site like that you go
save 10 euros
and in fact it's for anyone
what article 1 of makeup
or something else but so the principle
you click here you will understand quickly
and is now before you leave
I just wanted to tell you that the short
footage that I shot lately
for my friend sabrina perquis spell
today I can not wait to see
the rendering is so do not hesitate to
just click here to see the video
and if you are on the phone I will
will put the link in the info bar and
now I will leave you I will you
sends millions of big kisses
thank you very much for watching this
video
and if you still have a little bit
hesitated bahn time
to click on the video that is in the process
to appear and the video is actually
on the blog behind the scenes
precisely the famous tale with
sabrina alley big kisses to all
ciao